Add strix halo dedicated gpu memory to the FAQ (#842)
lemonade-sdk/lemonade: docs/faq.md

   File a detailed issue on TheRock repo for support: https://github.com/ROCm/TheRock

### 4. **How should dedicated GPU RAM be allocated on Strix Halo**

   Strix Halo PCs can have up to 128 GB of unified RAM and Windows allows the user to allocated a portion of this to dedicated GPU RAM.

   We suggest setting dedicated GPU RAM to `64/64 (auto)`.

>    > Note: On Windows, the GPU can access both unified RAM and dedicated GPU RAM, but the CPU is blocked from accessing dedicated GPU RAM. For this reason, allocating too much dedicated GPU RAM can interere with model loading, which requires the CPU to access a substaintial amount unified RAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Note: On Windows, the GPU can access both unified RAM and dedicated GPU RAM, but the CPU is blocked from accessing dedicated GPU RAM. For this reason, allocating too much dedicated GPU RAM can interfere with model loading, which requires the CPU to access a substantial amount unified RAM.
```
